Summer Swimmers

In these days of climate change and open sexuality the Alpine summers are becoming hotter and hotter.  How to cool off ?  You  were asking yourself this question as you cycled home from work.    It was a Friday in early July and the long summer night was just just beginning.  Your body was dripping in salty sweat by the time you reached your apartment.  As it was Friday you felt like relaxing with a toy before going out, but tonight you decided to head to the local swimming pool.  You changed into a simple summer dress - not bothering with underwear due to the heat - and quickly gathered your swimming costume, googles, sandals and a towel.  

As you cycled to the swimming pool, a gentle breeze began to blow, your nipples hardened a little as the air danced upon your skin.  Your bicycle was a good one, best of all it had a leather seat.  Your cunt was rubbing against the warm leather as you cycled.  You became slightly moist, and your clitoris become a little swollen.  By the time you arrived at the pool you were in a mild erotic state.

The nice thing about your local pool was that it had both indoor and outdoor pools.  Indoors there was also a sauna - but on a hot summer evening it was always empty.  Outdoors there was a 50 metre pool and a diving area - it was often used for competitions.  The quality of the facilities attracted alot of athletes, this meant that there were always some sexy men and women on view.  This was an added advantage, not only could you swim and exercise, but you could be a voyeur, drinking in the hotness of the athletic bodies as they swam.

After buying your ticket you headed to the changing room.  In the changing cubicle you were alone, you undressed and massaged your lucky clitoris for a couple of minutes.  Sparks of electricity rushed through your body, you felt hot and horny.  Now you put on your swimming costume, it fitted your lean body perfectly, it was pleasantly tight.  You left the changing room and walked outside towards the pool.   

Fortunately the swimming pool was not so busy tonight as a concert was taking place at the local concert hall.  You found a nice sunny spot on the grass 10 metres or so from the diving area.  For half an hour you simply relaxed, enjoying the warmth of the sun.  Then it was time for a swim.  You put on your googles.  As you dived into the pool, your body became covered in goosebumps as the coolness of the water contrasted with the heat of your skin, it felt cool and refreshing.

You decided to swim 20 lengths, a kilometre in this large pool.  You swam breaststroke style and were proud of your technique.  Whilst swimming you surveyed the other swimmers, there were certainly a few sexy bodies in the pool.  You dreamt of swimming naked with the water cooling your juicy sex.  Actually you wished that everyone was naked.  On such a hot summers evening nakedness seemed like the natural state.  

After perhaps 20 minutes you began to have the feeling that someone was following you.  Maybe it was simply your imagination, maybe deep down you wanted to be followed, maybe deep down you wanted to naughtily display your sex to the stranger behind you.  Looking behind you, there was indeed a guy, a tall slim guy, swimming some 5 metres or so behind you.  In the anonymity of the pool it was of course impossible to know what was going through his mind.  After a few more minutes you looked behind again, he was still there, now you were curious.  

30 seconds later he was swimming past you, he had changed to freestyle and so was now swimming faster than you.  As he passed you, your leg accidentally touched his body, he turned towards you and simply smiled.  Now it was your turn to stare at his body, it was just how you like it.  You eyes were inevitably drawn to his swimming trunks, his buttocks were nice and firm.  Then you noticed that his cock was erect and was peeking out of his trunks.  The erect head of his penis was definitely visible.  Now you were very curious!  In a few seconds he had swam past you - leaving you to wonder if you had just imagined it.  Now you really wanted to be naked - perhaps this guy could fuck you from behind in the pool - that would really cool you down!

You finished your swim and lay down upon your towel beneath the hot sweltering sun.  This time you closed your eyes and fell into a dream state.  Images of sucking a nice hard cock came into your mind - it was one of your specialities and you loved to do it.  Suddenly a few drops of cool water fell upon your skin, you startled and looked up.  The guy from the pool was a few metres away and was shaking his hair dry.  You looked at each other and smiled again.  Instinctively you parted your legs a little and he looked towards your pussy, as he did so you checked to see if he still had an erection.  

"My name is Mark", he said, "I am from the UK.  I live nearby and although I love the heat I needed to cool off with a swim."  You began chatting, talking about the usual stuff - work, the weather, plans for the summer ..etc.  After 5 minutes or so you realised that he was becoming hard.  You noticed that his cock was swelling, this caused your clitoris to swell in sympathy.  He suddenly said, "I need to take a sauna, I find that it is good for my skin.  See you later perhaps."  He gave me a smile and walked away, his cock was certainly a little swollen, I felt wet.

After a few minutes my curiosity became too much, I decided to take a sauna as well - why not get even hotter in this heat !  I walked inside and found the sauna.  It was actually a wet sauna, i.e. a steam room in fact.  There was an ice bath next to the entrance - mainly used by athletes.  I opened the door and quietly walked inside.  Inside it was very steamy, the visibility was quite low, and there was the smell of mint.  Sat to the right of the entrance was Mark, he looked surprised to see you.  He had taken off his swimming trunks and had obviously been masturbating as his cock was stiff and proud.

Now you really wanted to fuck this guy.  But first you wanted to suck him, to hungrily fill your mouth with his cock.  You looked into each others eyes and without words agreed that tonight was going to be a big sex night.  You bent to your knees in front of him and took his erection deep into your mouth.  You sucked and licked the head of his cock, you drank the juice that began to flow from it.  With one hand you stroked his tight testicles, with the other you rubbed his shaft.  For 10 minutes or so you feasted upon his hardness.  Mark leaned back and groaned, he was approaching an orgasm.  Suddenly you stopped and said, "Come with me."  

You took him outside and placed him in the ice bath - the shock of the temperature change caused his erection and his need for an orgasm to immediately cool down.  After 60 seconds you took his hand and led him back into the sauna.  Once again you got on your knees and sucked him hard again.  When he was good and hard you stood up and removed your swimming costume.  As you did so he watched you and played with his erection.  When you were naked you stood in front of him and touched yourself - your breasts, your stomach, and finally your wet cunt.  You massaged your clitoris and placed 2 fingers into your love hole, you then put your fingers in Marks mouth - he greedily sucked them.  After a minute or so you felt an orgasm coming. Mark was masturbating faster and faster, he was close to ejaculating again.  Suddenly you said stopped and once more said, "Come with me."

Again you took him outside and placed him in the ice bath, but this time you got in beside him.  The ice was freezing cold, your nipples became more erect than they had ever been in your life.  Your whole body began to shake with the cold. After a minute or so you both got out and went back into the sauna.  This time Mark got on his knees and began to worship your beautiful, wonderful, lustful, holy cunt.  He sucked your clitoris and put his fingers inside of you, your juices flowed like a river into his eager mouth.  You started to moan, your legs started to weaken.  This time there was no turning back, no cooling off, you allowed the orgasm to flow through you.  You cried out, 'fuck fuck fuck fuck yessssssssss'.

After a few moments, Mark stood up and began to kiss you.  His cock was still nice and hard. Without words you simply turned round and bent over, you opened your legs a little and with your two hands pulled your buttocks apart so that he could gain easy access to your dripping sweaty sex.  In an instant he was inside you, fucking you hard, fucking you just how you like it.  With each thrust of his phallus, you felt like a deep itch was being scratched.  You pushed back into him, loving the way he was filling you up.  He put his right hand upon your shoulder and the his left hand came around to play with your clitoris.  Your vagina was absolutely flowing with juices.  You felt like coming again, the orgasm was building up, your body was trembling uncontrollably, this guy was fucking you good and hard.    

Mark was beginning to have problems delaying his orgasm.  His cock was so hard it was almost hurting.  He could not believe how lucky he was, he could not believe he was with this woman with the wonderful body and luscious cunt.  He wanted to come badly, he began to moan loudly, to fuck you even faster.  You could feel him about to come and pulled him out of you - it was one thing to have sex with a stranger but another thing to have a child with one!  

With one hand you quickly took some of the juices from your vagina and lubricated your asshole.  Then with the same hand you took his lovely hard cock and guided him into your ass.  Not everyone likes anal sex but you had learnt to enjoy it, and it was ideal in a situation like this when you wanted to be filled with his juicy cum.  Mark had only tried anal sex once before, he had really enjoyed it but had not been lucky enough to find someone else who was into it.  So now was a situation in which you were both getting what you wanted - a win-win situation.

He pushed his phallus slowly into you, it felt alot tighter than your jade palace, it felt good, very good.  He began to fuck you faster, enjoying the strength of your anal muscles massaging his sex.  He held your hips and pushed his cock in and out of your hot ass.  You loved the sensation, you could feel him at the base of your spine, you felt electrical sparks travelling up your back.  Your orgasm was once again close, you turned your head and said "fuck me hard you fucking beautiful fucker", your animal self totally dominant now.  Mark accelerated his thrusting in and out of your pink asshole, he began to cry out "yes yes yes oh that is so fucking good".  

Mark took one of his hands and grabbed your hair, in his mind he was riding you like a wild horse.  In your mind you were being a delicious wanton slut, totally enjoying the sensations of being fucked.  Together you exploded in an orgasmic earthquake.  Your cunt was on fire, your mind in a fucking horny trance.  Mark pumped his semen into you, you felt his pulsating phallus empty deep into your asshole - it felt illicit, dirty, naughty, and extremely horny.  You felt his cum spurting deep inside of you.  After a minute or so Mark pulled himself out of you, drips of his semen fell to the floor.  Once more you took him by the hand and said "Come with me."

Once more, together you got into the ice bath.  This time you stayed in the bath for 5 minutes, and really cooled down !  By the time you left, your were shivering like in winter.  Your nipples stiffened even more than before and your skin was totally covered with goosebumps.  Once out of the bath you both put your swimming clothes on and walked back outside, hand in hand smiling like silly kids.  You sat down again and started chatting once more.  You knew you would take this guy back to your place later and do even more naughty things.  You were feeling fantastic.  Despite the summer heat you felt super cool !

https://goo.gl/UpGRQR